<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>XII: A Misty Evening</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-12" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="z3998:ordinal z3998:roman">XII</h2>
				<p epub:type="title">A Misty Evening</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>When Chan and Kirk were left alone, the little detective sat staring thoughtfully into space. ‚ÄúNow Tuesday becomes the big day for keen anticipation,‚Äù he remarked. ‚ÄúWhat will it reveal? Much, I hope, for my time on the mainland becomes a brief space indeed.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Kirk looked at him in wonder. ‚ÄúSurely you won‚Äôt go on Wednesday, if this thing isn‚Äôt solved?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Chan nodded stubbornly. ‚ÄúI have made unspoken promise to Barry Chan. Now I put it into words. Tomorrow Eve Durand‚Äôs husband arrives. In all the world we could have selected no more opportune person. He will identify this elevator woman as his wife, or he will not. If he does, perhaps case is finished. If he does not‚Äù‚ÅÝ‚ÄîCharlie shrugged‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äúthen I have done all possible. Let Captain Flannery flounder alone after that.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, we won‚Äôt cross our oceans until we get to them,‚Äù Kirk suggested. ‚ÄúA lot may happen before Wednesday. By the way, I‚Äôve been meaning to take you over to the Cosmopolitan Club. How about lunching there this noon?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Chan brightened. ‚ÄúI have long nursed desire to see that famous interior. You are most kind.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAll set, then,‚Äù replied his host. ‚ÄúI have some business in the office. Come downstairs for me at twelve thirty. And when Paradise returns, please tell him we‚Äôre lunching out.‚Äù</p>
			<p>He took his hat and coat and went below. Chan strolled aimlessly to the window and stood looking down on the glittering city. His eyes strayed to the Matson dock, the pier shed and, beyond, the red funnels of a familiar ship. A ship that was sailing, day after tomorrow, for Honolulu harbor. Would he be on it? He had sworn, yes‚ÅÝ‚Äîand yet‚ÅÝ‚ÄîHe sighed deeply. The doorbell rang, and he admitted Bill Rankin, the reporter.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHello,‚Äù said Rankin. ‚ÄúGlad to find you in. I spent all day yesterday at the public library, and say, I‚Äôll bet I stirred up more dust than the chariot in <i epub:type="se:name.publication.book">Ben Hur</i>.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWith any luck?‚Äù Chan inquired.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes. I finally found the story in the files of the <i epub:type="se:name.publication.newspaper">New York Sun</i>. A great newspaper in those days‚ÅÝ‚Äîbut I won‚Äôt talk shop. It was just a brief item with the Peshawar date line‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI copied it down. Here it is.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Charlie took the sheet of yellow paper, and read a short cable story that told him nothing he did not already know. Eve Durand, the young wife of a certain Captain Eric Durand, had disappeared under mysterious circumstances two nights previously, while on a picnic party in the hills outside Peshawar. The authorities were greatly alarmed, and parties of British soldiers were scouring the wild countryside.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúItem has date, May fifth,‚Äù remarked Chan. ‚ÄúThen Eve Durand was lost on night of May third, the year 1913. You found nothing else?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThere were no followup stories,‚Äù Rankin replied. ‚ÄúAnd no mention of Beetham, as you hoped. Say‚ÅÝ‚Äîwhat in Sam Hill could he have to do with this?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNothing,‚Äù said Chan promptly. ‚ÄúIt was one of my small mistakes. Even great detective sometimes steps off on wrong foot. My wrong foot often weary from too much use.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, what‚Äôs going on, anyhow?‚Äù Rankin wanted to know. ‚ÄúI‚Äôve hounded Flannery, and I‚Äôve tried Miss Morrow, and not a thing do I learn. My city editor is waxing very sarcastic. Can‚Äôt you give me a tip to help me out?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Chan shook his head. ‚ÄúIt would be plenty poor ethics for me to talk about the case. I am in no authority here, and already Captain Flannery regards me with the same warm feeling he would show pickpocket from Los Angeles. Pursuing the truth further, there is nothing to tell you, anyhow. We are not as yet close to anything that might indicate happy success.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôm sorry to hear it,‚Äù Rankin said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSituation will not continue,‚Äù Chan assured him. ‚ÄúLight will break. For the present we swim with one foot on the ground, but in good time we will plunge into center of the stream. Should I be on scene when success is looming, I will be happy to give you little secret hint.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIf you‚Äôre on the scene? What are you talking about?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPersonal affairs call me home with a loud megaphone. On Wednesday I go whether case is solved or not.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes‚ÅÝ‚Äîlike you did last Wednesday,‚Äù Rankin laughed. ‚ÄúYou can‚Äôt kid me. The patient Oriental isn‚Äôt going to get impatient at the wrong minute. Well, I must run. Remember your promise about the hint.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI have lengthy memory,‚Äù Chan replied. ‚ÄúAnd already I owe you much. Goodbye.‚Äù</p>
			<p>When the reporter had gone, Charlie stood staring at the copy of that cable story. ‚ÄúMay third, nineteen hundred thirteen,‚Äù he said aloud. With a surprisingly quick step he went to a table and took from it the <i epub:type="se:name.publication.book">Life</i> of Colonel John Beetham. He ran hastily through the pages until he found the thing he sought. Then for a long moment he sat in a chair with the book open on his knee, staring into space.</p>
			<p>At precisely twelve thirty he entered Kirk‚Äôs office. The young man rose and, accepting some papers from his secretary, put them into a leather briefcase. ‚ÄúGot to see a lawyer after lunch,‚Äù he explained. ‚ÄúNot a nice lawyer, either‚ÅÝ‚Äîa man this time.‚Äù They went to the Cosmopolitan Club.</p>
			<p>When they had checked their hats and coats and returned to the lobby in that imposing building, Chan looked about him with deep interest. The Cosmopolitan‚Äôs fame was widespread; it was the resort of men active in the arts, in finance and in journalism. Kirk‚Äôs popularity there was proved by many jovial greetings. He introduced Chan to a number of his friends, and the detective was presently the center of a pleasant group. With difficulty they got away to lunch in one corner of the big dining-room.</p>
			<p>It was toward the close of the lunch that Chan, looking up, saw approaching the man who interested him most at the moment. Colonel John Beetham‚Äôs hard-bitten face was more grim than ever, seen in broad daylight. He paused at their table.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHow are you, Kirk?‚Äù he said. ‚ÄúAnd <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝChan. I‚Äôll sit down a moment, if I may.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBy all means,‚Äù Kirk agreed cordially. ‚ÄúHow about lunch? What can I order for you?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThanks, I‚Äôve just finished,‚Äù Beetham replied.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúA cigarette, then.‚Äù Kirk held out his case.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúGood of you.‚Äù The Colonel took one and lighted it. ‚ÄúI haven‚Äôt seen you since that beastly dinner. Oh‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI beg your pardon‚ÅÝ‚Äîyou get my meaning?‚ÅÝ‚Ää‚ÅÝ‚Ä¶ What a horrible thing that was‚ÅÝ‚Äîa man like Sir Frederic‚ÅÝ‚Äîby the way, have they any idea who did it?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Kirk shrugged. ‚ÄúIf they have, they‚Äôre not telling me.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSergeant Chan‚ÅÝ‚Äîperhaps you are working on the case?‚Äù Beetham suggested.</p>
			<p>Chan‚Äôs eyes narrowed. ‚ÄúThe affair concerns mainland police. I am stranger here, like yourself.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAh, yes, of course,‚Äù responded Beetham. ‚ÄúI just happened to recall that you were on the point of leaving, and I thought, seeing you had stayed over‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIf I can help, I will do so,‚Äù Chan told him. He was thinking deeply. A man like Colonel Beetham did not note the comings and goings of a Charlie Chan without good reason.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHow‚Äôs the new expedition shaping up?‚Äù Kirk inquired.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSlowly‚ÅÝ‚Äîrather slowly,‚Äù Beetham frowned. ‚ÄúSpeaking of that, I have wanted a chat with you on the subject. Your grandmother has offered to help with the financing, but I have hesitated‚ÅÝ‚Äîit‚Äôs a stiff sum.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHow much?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI have part of the money. I still need about fifty thousand dollars.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Kirk‚Äôs eyebrows went up. ‚ÄúAh, yes‚ÅÝ‚Äîquite a nest-egg. But if grandmother wants to do it‚ÅÝ‚Äîwell, it‚Äôs her own money.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúGlad you feel that way about it,‚Äù said Beetham. ‚ÄúI was fearful the other members of the family might think I was using undue influence. The whole idea was hers‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI give you my word.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNaturally,‚Äù Kirk answered. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm sure she would enjoy it, at that.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThe results will be most important from a scientific point of view,‚Äù Beetham continued. ‚ÄúYour grandmother‚Äôs name would be highly honored. I would see that she had full credit.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúJust what sort of expedition is it?‚Äù Kirk asked.</p>
			<p>The tired eyes lighted for the first time. ‚ÄúWell, I had a bit of luck when I was last on the Gobi Desert. I stumbled on to the ruins of a city that must have been flourishing early in the first century. Only had time to take a brief look‚ÅÝ‚Äîbut I turned up coins that bore the date of 7¬Ý<abbr epub:type="se:era z3998:initialism">AD</abbr>. I unearthed the oldest papers in existence‚ÅÝ‚Äîpapers that bore the scrawl of little children‚ÅÝ‚Äîarithmetic‚ÅÝ‚Äîseven times seven and the like. Letters written by the military governor of the city, scraps of old garments, jewelry‚ÅÝ‚Äîamazing mementoes of the past. I am keen to go back and make a thorough investigation. Of course, the trouble in China will interfere, rather‚ÅÝ‚Äîbut there is always trouble in China. I have waited long enough. I shall get through somehow. I always have.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, I don‚Äôt envy you,‚Äù Kirk smiled. ‚ÄúThe way I‚Äôve always felt, when you‚Äôve seen one desert, you‚Äôve seen ‚Äôem all. But you have my best wishes.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThanks. You‚Äôre frightfully kind,‚Äù Beetham rose. ‚ÄúI hope to settle the matter in a few days. I am hoping, also, that before I leave, the murderer of Sir Frederic will be found. Struck me as a good chap, Sir Frederic.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Chan looked up quickly. ‚ÄúA great admirer of yours, Colonel Beetham,‚Äù he said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAdmirer of mine? Sir Frederic? Was he really?‚Äù The Colonel‚Äôs tone was cool and even.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúUndubitable fact. Among his effects we find many books written by you.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Beetham threw down his cigarette. ‚ÄúThat was good of him. I am quite flattered. If by any chance you are concerned in the hunt for the person who killed him, Sergeant Chan, I wish you the best of luck.‚Äù</p>
			<p>He strolled away from the table, while Chan looked after him thoughtfully.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúReminds me of the snows of Tibet,‚Äù Kirk said. ‚ÄúJust as warm and human. Except when he spoke of his dead city. That seemed to rouse him. An odd fish, isn‚Äôt he, Charlie?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAn odd fish from icy waters,‚Äù Chan agreed. ‚ÄúI am wondering‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe regrets Sir Frederic‚Äôs passing. But might it not happen that beneath his weeping eyes are laughing teeth?‚Äù</p>
			<p>They went to the checkroom, where they retrieved their hats and coats and Kirk‚Äôs briefcase. As they walked down the street, Kirk looked at Chan.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúJust remembered the Cosmopolitan Club yearbook,‚Äù he said. ‚ÄúYou don‚Äôt imagine it meant anything, do you?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Chan shrugged. ‚ÄúImagination does not seem to thrive on mainland climate,‚Äù he replied.</p>
			<p>Kirk went off to his lawyer‚Äôs and Charlie returned home to await a more promising tomorrow.</p>
			<p>On Tuesday afternoon Miss Morrow was the first to arrive at the bungalow. She came in about three thirty. The day was dark, with gusts of wind and rain, but the girl was glowing.</p>
			<p>Kirk helped her off with her raincoat. ‚ÄúYou seem to be filled with vim and vigor,‚Äù he said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWalked all the way,‚Äù she told him. ‚ÄúI was too excited to sit calmly in a taxi. Just think‚ÅÝ‚Äîin a few minutes we may see the meeting between Major Durand and his long lost wife.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThe Major has arrived?‚Äù Chan inquired.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes‚ÅÝ‚Äîhe and Inspector Duff came half an hour ago. Their train was a trifle late. Captain Flannery went to the station to meet them. He telephoned me they‚Äôd be along shortly. It seems that, like a true Englishman, the Major didn‚Äôt care to talk with anybody until he‚Äôd gone to a hotel and had his tub.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDon‚Äôt blame him, after that trip from Chicago,‚Äù Kirk said. ‚ÄúI believe little Jennie Jerome Marie Lantelme is on the elevator.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Miss Morrow nodded. ‚ÄúShe is. I saw her when I came up. I wonder if she is really Eve Durand? Won‚Äôt it be thrilling if she is!‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúShe‚Äôs got to be. She‚Äôs Charlie‚Äôs hunch.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDo not be too certain,‚Äù Chan objected. ‚ÄúIn the past it has often happened I was hoarsely barking up incorrect tree.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Kirk stirred the fire, and drew up a wide chair for the girl. ‚ÄúHere you are‚ÅÝ‚Äîa trifle large for you, but you may grow. I‚Äôll give you tea later. These Englishmen probably can‚Äôt do a thing until they‚Äôve had their Oolong.‚Äù</p>
			<p>The girl sat down, and, dropping into a chair at her side, Kirk began to talk airily of nothing in particular. He was conscious that at his back Chan was nervously walking the floor.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBetter sit down, Charlie,‚Äù he suggested. ‚ÄúYou act like a man in a dentist‚Äôs waiting-room.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúFeel that way,‚Äù Chan told him. ‚ÄúMuch is at stake now for me. If I have taken wrong turning, I shall have to endure some Flannery sneers.‚Äù</p>
			<p>It was four o‚Äôclock, and the dusk was falling outside the lofty windows, when the bell rang. Kirk himself went to the door. He admitted Flannery and a thickset young Englishman. Two men only‚ÅÝ‚ÄîKirk peered past them down the stairs, but the third man was not in evidence.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHello,‚Äù Flannery said, striding in. ‚ÄúMajor Durand not here yet, eh?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe is not,‚Äù Kirk replied. ‚ÄúDon‚Äôt tell me you‚Äôve mislaid him.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, no,‚Äù Flannery answered. ‚ÄúI‚Äôll explain in a minute. Miss Morrow, meet Inspector Duff, of Scotland Yard.‚Äù</p>
			<p>The girl came forward, smiling. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm so glad,‚Äù she said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCharmed,‚Äù remarked Duff, in a hearty, roast-beef-of-Old-England voice. He was surprisingly young, with rosy cheeks, and the look of a farmer about him. And indeed it had been from a farm in Yorkshire that he had come to London and the Metropolitan police.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThe Inspector and I went from the train to my office,‚Äù Flannery explained. ‚ÄúI wanted to go over the records of our case with him. The Major stopped at the hotel to brush up‚ÅÝ‚Äîhe‚Äôll be along in a minute. Oh, yes‚ÅÝ‚Äî<abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝKirk, Inspector Duff. And this, Inspector, is Sergeant Charlie Chan, of the Honolulu police.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Chan bowed low. ‚ÄúA moment that will live forever in my memory,‚Äù he said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh‚ÅÝ‚Äîer‚ÅÝ‚Äîreally?‚Äù Duff replied. ‚ÄúThe Captain‚Äôs told me of you, Sergeant. We‚Äôre in the same line‚ÅÝ‚Äîsome miles apart.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúMany miles apart,‚Äù conceded Charlie gravely.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúLook here,‚Äù said Flannery, ‚Äúit will be just as well if the Major doesn‚Äôt meet that girl in the elevator until we‚Äôre all set for it. Somebody should go below and steer him into a different car.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI will be happy to perform that service,‚Äù Chan offered.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI know him by sight‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI‚Äôll do it,‚Äù Flannery replied. ‚ÄúI want to have a word with the men I‚Äôve got watching her. I saw one of them in front of the building when I came in. Inspector‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI‚Äôll leave you here. You‚Äôre in good hands.‚Äù He went out.</p>
			<p>Kirk drew up a chair for the English detective. ‚ÄúGive you tea when the Major comes,‚Äù he said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou‚Äôre very kind, I‚Äôm sure,‚Äù Duff answered.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou have been all over the case with Captain Flannery?‚Äù Miss Morrow inquired.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI have‚ÅÝ‚Äîfrom the beginning.‚Äù Duff replied. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs a shocking affair‚ÅÝ‚Äîshocking. Sir Frederic was deeply respected‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI might even say loved‚ÅÝ‚Äîby all of us. It appears that he was killed in the line of duty, though he had retired and was, supposedly, out of all that. I can assure you that the murder of one of its men is not taken lightly by Scotland Yard. We shall not rest until we have found the guilty person‚ÅÝ‚Äîand in that task, Sergeant, we shall welcome help from every possible source.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Chan bowed. ‚ÄúMy abilities are of the slightest, but they are lined up beside your very great ones.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI had hoped, Inspector,‚Äù Miss Morrow said, ‚Äúthat you would be able to throw considerable light on this affair.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Duff shook his head. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm frightfully sorry. There are so many other men‚ÅÝ‚Äîolder men‚ÅÝ‚Äîon our force who would have been of much greater service. Unfortunately I am the only Scotland Yard man in the States at the moment. You see‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI‚Äôm a bit young‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôd noticed that,‚Äù smiled the girl.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAll these events that appear to be linked up with Sir Frederic‚Äôs murder happened before my day. I shall do my best‚ÅÝ‚Äîbut‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWill you have a cigarette?‚Äù Kirk suggested.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, thanks. My pipe, if the young lady doesn‚Äôt object.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNot at all,‚Äù said Miss Morrow. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs quite in the Sherlock Holmes tradition.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Duff smiled. ‚ÄúBut the only point of similarity, I fear. As I say, I have been with the Metropolitan police a comparatively brief time‚ÅÝ‚Äîa mere matter of seven years. Of course I have heard of the Hilary Galt murder, though it happened many years ago. As a young policeman I was shown, in the Black Museum, the famous velvet slippers they found Galt wearing that disastrous night. Coming to Eve Durand, I am familiar, in a casual way, with the story of her disappearance. In fact, I had, once, a very slight connection with the case. Five years ago there was a rumor that she had been seen in Paris, and Sir Frederic sent me across the Channel to look into it. It was merely another false alarm, but while making the investigation I chanced to encounter Major Durand, who was also on the ground. Poor chap‚ÅÝ‚Äîthat was one of a long series of disappointments for him. I hope he is not to suffer another here tonight.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHow did the Major happen to come to America at this time?‚Äù Miss Morrow inquired.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe came in answer to a cable from Sir Frederic,‚Äù Duff explained. ‚ÄúSir Frederic asked his help, and of course he hastened to comply, landing in New York a week ago. When I got off the <i epub:type="se:name.vehicle.train">Twentieth Century</i> in Chicago I discovered Durand had been on the same train. We joined forces and hurried on to San Francisco together.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, he, at least, can help us,‚Äù Miss Morrow suggested.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI fancy he can. I repeat, I have been over the case carefully, but I have had no inspiration as yet. One angle of it interests me tremendously‚ÅÝ‚Äîthose velvet slippers. Why were they taken? Where are they now? They appear to be again the essential clue. What do you say, Sergeant?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Chan shrugged. ‚ÄúSlippers were exactly that long time ago,‚Äù he said. ‚ÄúOn which occasion they led positively no place.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI know,‚Äù smiled Duff. ‚ÄúBut I‚Äôm not superstitious. I shall follow them again. By the way, there is one point on which I may be able to offer some help.‚Äù He turned suddenly to Kirk. ‚ÄúYou have a butler named Paradise?‚Äù he inquired.</p>
			<p>Kirk‚Äôs heart sank. ‚ÄúYes‚ÅÝ‚Äîand a very good one,‚Äù he answered.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI have been interested in Paradise,‚Äù said Duff. ‚ÄúAnd Paradise, I understand, has been interested in Sir Frederic‚Äôs mail. Where is he now?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe‚Äôs in the kitchen, or his room,‚Äù Kirk replied. ‚ÄúDo you want to see him?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBefore I go‚ÅÝ‚Äîyes,‚Äù Duff said.</p>
			<p>Flannery came through the hall, followed by a big, blond man in a dripping Burberry coat. Major Eric Durand, retired, looked to be the sportsman type of Englishman; his cheeks were tanned and weather-beaten, as though from much riding in the open, his blue eyes alert. Indoors, one would picture him sitting in a club with a cigar, a whiskey and soda, and a copy of the <i epub:type="se:name.publication.magazine">Field</i>.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCome in, Major,‚Äù Flannery said. He introduced the Britisher to the company, and Kirk hurried forward to take the Burberry coat. There followed a moment of awkward silence.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúMajor,‚Äù Flannery began, ‚Äúwe haven‚Äôt told you why we got you here. You have come to San Francisco in response to a cablegram from Sir Frederic Bruce?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI have,‚Äù said Durand quietly.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDid he give you any idea of why he wanted you to come?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe intimated that he was on the point of finding‚ÅÝ‚Äîmy wife.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI see. Your wife disappeared under unusual circumstances some fifteen years ago, in India?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPrecisely.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDid you ever hear of her after that?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNever. There were many false reports, of course. We followed them all up, but none of them came to anything in the end.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou never heard of her at Nice? Or in New York?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI don‚Äôt think those were among the places. I‚Äôm sure they weren‚Äôt.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou would, of course, know her if you saw her now?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Durand looked up with sudden interest. ‚ÄúI fancy I would. She was only eighteen when she was‚ÅÝ‚Äîlost.‚Äù Miss Morrow felt a quick twinge of pity for the man. ‚ÄúBut one doesn‚Äôt forget, you know.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúMajor,‚Äù said Flannery slowly, ‚Äúwe have every reason to believe that your wife is in this building tonight.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Durand took a startled step backward. Then he sadly shook his head. ‚ÄúI wish it were true. You‚Äôve no idea‚ÅÝ‚Äîfifteen years‚Äô anxiety‚ÅÝ‚Äîit rather takes it out of a chap. One stops hoping, after a time. Ah, yes‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI wish it were true‚ÅÝ‚Äîbut there have been so many disappointments. I can not hope any more.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPlease wait just a minute,‚Äù Flannery said, and went out.</p>
			<p>A strained silence followed his exit. The ticking of a tall clock in a corner became suddenly like the strokes of a hammer. Durand began to pace the floor.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt can‚Äôt be,‚Äù he cried to Duff. ‚ÄúNo‚ÅÝ‚Äîit can‚Äôt be Eve. After all these years‚ÅÝ‚Äîin San Francisco‚ÅÝ‚Äîno, no‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI can‚Äôt believe it.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWe shall know in a moment, old chap,‚Äù Duff said gently.</p>
			<p>The moments lengthened horribly. Chan began to wonder. Durand continued to pace back and forth, silently, over the rug. Still the hammer strokes of the clock. Five minutes‚ÅÝ‚Äîten‚ÅÝ‚Äî</p>
			<p>The outer door was flung open and Flannery burst into the room. His face was crimson, his gray hair disheveled.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúShe‚Äôs gone!‚Äù he cried. ‚ÄúHer elevator‚Äôs standing at the seventh floor, with the door open. She‚Äôs gone, and no one saw her go!‚Äù</p>
			<p>Durand gave a little cry and sinking into a chair, buried his face in his hands.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
