<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>XV: The Discreet Mr. Cuttle</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-15" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">XV</h2>
				<h3 epub:type="title">The Discreet <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Cuttle</h3>
			</hgroup>
				<p>When Charlie Chan rose on Wednesday morning, the rain was over and the fog was lifting. Bravely struggling through remnants of mist, the sun fell on a sparkling town, washed clean for a new day. Chan stood for a long time looking out at the magnificent panorama over bay and harbor, at the green of Goat Island and the prison fortress of Alcatraz. Along the water-front stretched a line of great ships as though awaiting a signal that should send them scurrying off to distant treaty ports and coral islands.</p>
				<p>Chan’s heart was heavy despite the bright morning. At twelve noon would sail the ship on which he had sworn to depart, the ship that would come finally to rest under the tower that bore the word “Aloha.” There would be keen disappointment in the little house beneath the algaroba trees on Punchbowl Hill, as there was disappointment in the detective’s heart now. He sighed. Would this holiday never end? This holiday so filled with work and baffling problems? This holiday that was no holiday at all?</p>
				<p>When he entered the dining-room Barry Kirk was already at the table, but his glass of orange juice stood before him, untouched.</p>
				<p>“Hello,” said the host. “I waited for you.”</p>
				<p>“You grow increasingly kind with every dawn,” Chan grinned.</p>
				<p>“Oh, I don’t know. It isn’t exactly kindness. Somehow, I don’t seem in any hurry to quaff California’s favorite beverage this morning. Take a look at it. Does it strike you as being⁠—er⁠—the real thing?”</p>
				<p>As Chan sat down, Paradise appeared in the doorway. Without a moment’s hesitation, Chan lifted his glass. “Your very good health,” he remarked.</p>
				<p>Kirk glanced at the butler, and raised his own glass. “I sincerely trust you’re right,” he murmured, and drank heartily.</p>
				<p>Paradise gravely said his good mornings and, setting down two bowls of oatmeal, departed. “Well,” Barry Kirk smiled, “we seem to be O. K. so far.”</p>
				<p>“Suspicion,” Chan told him, “is a wicked thing. That is written in many places.”</p>
				<p>“Yes⁠—and where would you be in your work without it?” Kirk inquired. “By the way, did you get anything out of Duff last night?”</p>
				<p>“Nothing that demands heavy thought. One point he elucidated carried slight interest.”</p>
				<p>“What was that?”</p>
				<p>“Begging respectful pardon, for the present I will ponder same with my customary silence. You dined here?”</p>
				<p>“No. Miss Morrow and I went to a restaurant.”</p>
				<p>“Ah⁠—a moment’s pleasant recreation,” said Chan approvingly.</p>
				<p>“That was the idea.”</p>
				<p>“You enjoy society of this young woman?”</p>
				<p>“I do not precisely pine in her presence. You know, she’s not so serious as she pretends to be.”</p>
				<p>“That is good. Women were not invented for heavy thinking. They should decorate scene, like blossom of the plum.”</p>
				<p>“Yes, but they can’t all be movie actresses. I don’t mind a girl’s having a brain if she doesn’t act up-stage about it⁠—and Miss Morrow never does. We had a very light-hearted evening, but we weren’t blind. As we left the restaurant, we made a little discovery.”</p>
				<p>“Good, what was it?”</p>
				<p>Kirk shrugged. “Shall I ponder same with my customary silence? No, I won’t be as mean as you are, Charlie. We saw your old friend Colonel John Beetham relaxing from the stern realities of life. We saw him dining with a lady.”</p>
				<p>“Ah, yes. Which lady?”</p>
				<p>“A lady we have rather overlooked so far. Mrs. Helen Tupper-Brock.”</p>
				<p>“That has interest. Miss Morrow will investigate?”</p>
				<p>“Yes. I’m going to pick up Mrs. Tupper-Brock this morning and take her down to the district attorney’s office. I don’t look for any brilliant results, however. She’s cold and distant, like the winter stars. Good lord⁠—I’m getting poetic. You don’t suppose it could be something I’ve had for breakfast?”</p>
				<p>“More likely memories of last night,” Chan answered.</p>
				<p>When the meal was finished, Kirk announced that he was going down to the office to attend to a few letters. Chan rose quickly.</p>
				<p>“I will accompany, if I may,” he said. “I must produce letter of explanation for my wife, hoping it will yet catch out-going boat. It will be substitute for me⁠—a smaller substitute.” He sighed.</p>
				<p>“That’s right,” Kirk remembered. “You were going out on the tide to-day, weren’t you? It’s a shame you can’t.”</p>
				<p>“What will little Barry think of me?”</p>
				<p>“Oh, he’s probably sensible, like his namesake. He’ll want you to stay where duty lies. And how proud he’ll be⁠—in the future⁠—over your success in running down the murderer of Sir Frederic Bruce.”</p>
				<p>“Still have some running to do,” Chan admitted. “One more week⁠—I give myself that. Then, whatever has happened, I shift mainland dust off my shoes and go. I swear it, and this time I am firm like well-known Gibraltar rock.”</p>
				<p>“A week,” repeated Kirk. “Oh, that will be ample. You’ll be sitting pretty then.”</p>
				<p>“On deck of boat bound for Honolulu,” Chan said firmly. “Quoting local conversation, you bet I will.”</p>
				<p>They went below, and Kirk seated himself at the big desk. Kinsey was out; “collecting rents,” Kirk explained. Chan accepted paper and an envelope and took his place at the stenographer’s desk by the wall.</p>
				<p>But his mind did not seem to be on the letter he was writing. Out of the corner of his eye he watched Kirk’s movements carefully. In a moment he rose and came over to Kirk’s desk. “Pen enjoys stubborn spasm,” he explained. “The ink will not gush. Who calls it fountain pen?”</p>
				<p>“There are pens in here,” Kirk said, leaning over to open a lower drawer. Chan’s keen eyes were on the papers atop the desk. Noted for his courtesy, his actions were odd. He appeared to be spying on his host.</p>
				<p>Charlie accepted a pen and returned to his writing. Still he watched Kirk from the corner of his eye.</p>
				<p>The young man finished his letter and started another. When he had completed the second, he stamped them both. Simultaneously Chan sealed his own letter, stamped it, and rose quickly to his feet. He held out his long, thin hand.</p>
				<p>“Permit me,” he said, “that I deposit our mail in the hallway chute.”</p>
				<p>“Why⁠—thank you,” Kirk replied, giving him the letters.</p>
				<p>When Charlie returned, Kirk was on his feet, consulting his watch. “Want to hear Mrs. Tupper-Brock’s life story?” he inquired.</p>
				<p>The detective shook his head. “Thanking you all the same, I will not interpolate myself. Miss Morrow is competent for work. Already, I have several times squirmed about in the position of fifth, unnecessary wheel. This once I will loiter elsewhere.”</p>
				<p>“Suit yourself,” Kirk answered carelessly. He took up his hat and coat and disappeared.</p>
				<p>When Chan went up-stairs by the inner route, he found Bill Rankin waiting for him in the living-room of the bungalow. The reporter looked at him with amusement.</p>
				<p>“Good morning,” he said. “I presume you’re sailing this noon?”</p>
				<p>Chan frowned. “Missing boats is now a regular habit for me,” he replied. “I can not go. Too many dark clouds shade the scene.”</p>
				<p>“I knew it,” smiled Rankin. “Before you go you’ve got to give me a story that will thrill the town. I was sure I could depend on you. A great little people, the Chinese.”</p>
				<p>“Thanks for advertising my unassuming race,” Chan said.</p>
				<p>“Now, to get down to business,” Rankin continued. “I’ve brought you a little present this bright morning.”</p>
				<p>“You are pretty good.”</p>
				<p>“I’m a clever boy,” Rankin admitted. “You know, your rather foggy remarks about Colonel John Beetham have set me thinking. And when I think⁠—get out from under. I have read the Colonel’s <i class="calibre3">Life</i>, from cover to cover. I imagine I need not tell you that on May fourth, nineteen hundred and thirteen, Beetham set out on an eight months’ journey from Peshawar to Teheran, by way of Afghanistan and the Kevir desert of Persia?”</p>
				<p>“I too have upearthed that,” nodded Chan.</p>
				<p>“I thought you had. But did you know that he had written a book⁠—a separate book⁠—about that little jaunt? A bit of a holiday, he called it. Not real exploring, but just his way of going home.”</p>
				<p>Chan was interested. “I have been unaware of that volume,” he replied.</p>
				<p>“It isn’t as well known as his other books,” went on Rankin. “Out of print now. <i class="calibre3">The Land Beyond the Khyber</i>, he called it. I tried every book store in town, and finally picked up a copy over in Berkeley.”</p>
				<p>He produced a volume bound in deep purple. “It’s the little present I mentioned,” he added.</p>
				<p>Chan took it eagerly. “Who shall say? This may be of some value. I am in your debt and sinking all the time.”</p>
				<p>“Well, I don’t know about its value. Maybe you can find something I have overlooked. I’ve been through it carefully, but I haven’t found a thing.”</p>
				<p>Chan opened the book. “Interesting item flashes up immediately,” he said. “Unlike Colonel Beetham’s other books, this has dedication.” Slowly he read the inscription on the dedicatory page: “To one who will remember, and understand.”</p>
				<p>“I noticed that,” Rankin told him. “It begins to look as though the Colonel has his tender moments, doesn’t it? To one who will remember and understand. A boyhood sweetheart, probably. One who will remember the time he kissed her under the lilacs at the gate, and understand that he goes on his daring trips with her image in his heart.”</p>
				<p>Chan was deep in thought. “Possible,” he muttered.</p>
				<p>“You know, these Englishmen aren’t as hard-boiled as they seem,” Rankin continued. “I knew a British aviator in the war⁠—a tough baby, he ate nails for breakfast. Yet he always carried a sprig of heather on his plane⁠—the memento of an old love-affair. A sentimentalist at heart. Perhaps Colonel Beetham is the same type.”</p>
				<p>“May very well be,” Charlie agreed.</p>
				<p>Rankin got up. “Well, I suppose my dear old Chief is crying his eyes out because I haven’t shown up. He loves me, even though he does threaten to cast me off because I haven’t solved the mystery of Sir Frederic’s murder.”</p>
				<p>“You are not alone in that fault,” Chan told him.</p>
				<p>“I⁠—I don’t suppose you could give me any little morsel for our million panting readers?”</p>
				<p>“Nothing of note may yet be revealed.”</p>
				<p>“Well, it does seem high time we were getting a glimpse behind that curtain,” Rankin remarked.</p>
				<p>Charlie shook his head. “The matter is difficult. If I were in Peshawar⁠—but I am not. I am in San Francisco fifteen years after the event, and I can only guess. I may add, guessing is poor business that often leads to lengthy saunters down the positively wrong path.”</p>
				<p>“You hang on,” advised Rankin. “You’ll win yet and when you do, just let me be there, with a direct line to the office at my elbow.”</p>
				<p>“We will hope that happy picture eventuates,” Chan replied.</p>
				<p>Rankin went out, leaving Charlie to the book. He sat down before the fire and began to read eagerly. This was better than interviewing Mrs. Tupper-Brock.</p>
				<p>At about the same time, Barry Kirk was going blithely up the steps of his grandmother’s handsome house on Pacific Heights. The old lady greeted him in the drawing-room.</p>
				<p>“Hello,” she said. “How do you happen to be up and about so early? And wide awake, if I can believe my failing eyesight.”</p>
				<p>“Detective work,” he laughed.</p>
				<p>“Good. What can I do for you? I seem to have been left entirely out of things, and it annoys me.”</p>
				<p>“Well, you’re still out, so don’t get up any false hopes,” he returned. “I’m not here to consult with you, wise as I know you to be. I’m looking for Mrs. Tupper-Brock. Where is she?”</p>
				<p>“She’s up-stairs. What do you want with her?”</p>
				<p>“I want to take her for a little ride⁠—down to see Miss Morrow.”</p>
				<p>“Oh, so that young woman is still asking questions? She seems a bit lacking in results, so far.”</p>
				<p>“Is that so? Well, give her time.”</p>
				<p>“I rather fancy she’ll need a lot of it. Mixing up in affairs that should be left to the men⁠—”</p>
				<p>“You’re a traitor to your sex. I think it’s mighty fine of her to be where she is. Give this little girl a great big hand.”</p>
				<p>“Oh, I imagine she doesn’t lack for applause when you are about. You seem very much taken with her.”</p>
				<p>“I am, and don’t forget it. Now, how about calling Mrs. Tupper-Brock? Please tell her to come, and bring her hyphen.”</p>
				<p>Mrs. Kirk gave him a scornful look, and departed. In a few minutes the secretary appeared in the room. Poised and cool, as always, she greeted Barry Kirk without enthusiasm.</p>
				<p>“Good morning,” he said. “I’m sorry to disturb you, but Miss Morrow⁠—you met her at my dinner⁠—would like to see you. If you can come now, I’ll drive you down in my car.”</p>
				<p>“Why, of course,” returned the woman calmly. “I’ll be just a moment.”</p>
				<p>She went out, and Mrs. Kirk reappeared. “What’s the matter with that boy of Sally Jordan’s?” she demanded. “I thought he’d have this thing solved long ago. I’ve been watching the papers like a bargain hunter.”</p>
				<p>“Oh, Charlie’s all right,” Kirk said. “He’s slow, but sure.”</p>
				<p>“He’s slow enough,” admitted the old lady. “You might tell him that I’m growing impatient.”</p>
				<p>“That’ll speed him up,” Kirk smiled.</p>
				<p>“I wish something would,” his grandmother snapped. “What’s all this about Helen? Surely she’s not entangled in the case?”</p>
				<p>“I’m not free to say, one way or another. Tell me, have you given Colonel Beetham that money yet?”</p>
				<p>“No⁠—but I believe I will.”</p>
				<p>“Take my advice and hold off for a few days.”</p>
				<p>“What? He isn’t in it, is he? Why⁠—he’s a gentleman.”</p>
				<p>“Just take my advice⁠—” began Kirk. Mrs. Tupper-Brock was in the hall, waiting for him.</p>
				<p>“Now you’ve got me all excited,” complained Mrs. Kirk.</p>
				<p>“That’s bad, at your age,” Kirk said. “Calm down.”</p>
				<p>“What do you mean⁠—my age? I read of a woman the other day who is a hundred and two.”</p>
				<p>“Well, there’s a mark to shoot at,” Kirk told her. “So long. See you later.”</p>
				<p>Mrs. Tupper-Brock sat at his side in the roadster, stiff and obviously not inclined to talk. A few remarks on the weather yielding no great flood of conversation, Kirk abandoned the effort. They rode on in silence, and finally he ushered her into Miss Morrow’s office.</p>
				<p>The deputy district attorney made a charming picture against that gloomy background. Such was not, however, her aim at the moment. Alert and businesslike, she greeted Mrs. Tupper-Brock and indicated a chair beside her desk.</p>
				<p>“Sit down, please. So good of you to come. I hope I haven’t inconvenienced you?”</p>
				<p>“Not in the least,” the woman replied, seating herself. There was a moment’s silence.</p>
				<p>“You know, of course, that we are hunting the murderer of Sir Frederic Bruce,” Miss Morrow began.</p>
				<p>“Naturally,” Mrs. Tupper-Brock’s tone was cool. “Why did you wish to see me?”</p>
				<p>“I wondered whether you have any information that might help us.”</p>
				<p>“That’s hardly likely,” responded Mrs. Tupper-Brock. She took out a lace-edged handkerchief and began to turn it slowly in her hands.</p>
				<p>“No, perhaps not,” Miss Morrow smiled. “Still, we are not justified in ignoring any one in this terrible affair. Sir Frederic was a complete stranger to you?”</p>
				<p>“Yes, quite. I met him for the first time on that Tuesday night.”</p>
				<p>“Did you also meet Colonel Beetham for the first time that night?”</p>
				<p>The handkerchief was suddenly a tiny ball in her hand. “No⁠—I did not.”</p>
				<p>“You had met him before?”</p>
				<p>“Yes. At Mrs. Dawson Kirk’s. He had been to the house frequently.”</p>
				<p>“Of course. You and the Colonel are quite good friends, I hear. Perhaps you knew him before he came to San Francisco?”</p>
				<p>“No, I did not.”</p>
				<p>“While the Colonel was showing his pictures, you remained on the davenport with Miss Garland. You saw nothing of a suspicious nature?”</p>
				<p>“Nothing whatever.” The handkerchief lay in a crumbled heap in her lap. She took it up and once more began to smooth it.</p>
				<p>“Have you ever lived in India?”</p>
				<p>“No⁠—I have never been there.”</p>
				<p>“Did you ever hear of a tragic event that happened in India⁠—at Peshawar? The disappearance of a young woman named Eve Durand?”</p>
				<p>Mrs. Tupper-Brock considered. “I may have read about it in the newspapers,” she admitted. “It has a dimly familiar sound.”</p>
				<p>“Tell me⁠—did you by any chance notice the elevator girl who took you up to the bungalow the night of Mr. Kirk’s dinner?”</p>
				<p>Again the handkerchief was crushed in the woman’s hand. “I did not. Why should I?”</p>
				<p>“She was, then, quite unknown to you?”</p>
				<p>“I fancy she was. Of course, one doesn’t study⁠—er⁠—that sort of person.”</p>
				<p>“Ah, yes.” Miss Morrow sought an inconsequential ending for the interview. “You are English, Mrs. Tupper-Brock?”</p>
				<p>“English, yes.”</p>
				<p>“A Londoner?”</p>
				<p>“No⁠—I was born in Devonshire. I stayed there until my⁠—my marriage. Then my husband took me to York, where he had a living. He was a clergyman, you know.”</p>
				<p>“Thank you so much.”</p>
				<p>“I’m afraid I have been of very little help.”</p>
				<p>“Oh, but I hardly looked for anything else,” Miss Morrow smiled. “These questions are a mere formality. Every one at the dinner⁠—you understand. It was good of you to come.” She rose.</p>
				<p>Mrs. Tupper-Brock restored the handkerchief to her bag, and also stood up. “That is all, I take it?”</p>
				<p>“Oh, quite. It’s a lovely day after the rain.”</p>
				<p>“Beautiful,” murmured the woman, and moved toward the door. Kirk came from the corner where he had been lolling.</p>
				<p>“Any other little service I can do?” he asked.</p>
				<p>“Not at present, thanks. You’re immensely valuable.”</p>
				<p>Mrs. Tupper-Brock had reached the outer room. Kirk spoke in a low voice. “No word of the elevator girl?”</p>
				<p>“Not a trace,” Miss Morrow sighed. “The same old story. But just what I expected.”</p>
				<p>Kirk looked toward the other room. “And the lady who has just left,” he whispered. “A complete dud, wasn’t she? I’m awfully sorry. She told you nothing.”</p>
				<p>The girl came very close, fragrant, young, smiling. Kirk felt a bit dizzy. “You are wrong,” she said softly. “The lady who has just left told me a great deal.”</p>
				<p>“You mean?”</p>
				<p>“I mean she’s a liar, if I ever met one. A liar, and a poor one. I’m going to prove it, too.”</p>
				<p>“Bright girl,” Kirk smiled, and, hurrying out, caught up with Mrs. Tupper-Brock in the hall.</p>
				<p>The return ride to Mrs. Dawson Kirk’s house was another strained, silent affair, and Kirk parted from the dark, mysterious lady with a distinct feeling of relief. He drove back to the Kirk Building and ascended to the twentieth floor. As he got out of the elevator he saw Mr. Cuttle trying his office door. Cuttle was not only the night-watchman, but was also assistant superintendent of the building, a title in which he took great pride.</p>
				<p>“Hello, Cuttle,” Kirk said. “Want to see me?”</p>
				<p>“I do, sir,” Cuttle answered. “Something that may be important.” Kirk unlocked the office and they went in.</p>
				<p>“It’s about that girl, Grace Lane, sir,” Cuttle explained, when they reached the inner room. “The one who disappeared last night.”</p>
				<p>“Oh, yes.” Kirk looked at him with sudden interest. “What about her?”</p>
				<p>“The police asked me a lot of questions. Where did I get her, and all that. There was one point on which I was silent. I thought I had better speak to you first, Mr. Kirk.”</p>
				<p>“Well, I don’t know, Cuttle. It isn’t wise to try to conceal things from the police.”</p>
				<p>“But on this point, sir⁠—”</p>
				<p>“What point?”</p>
				<p>“The matter of how I came to hire her. The letter she brought to me from a certain person⁠—”</p>
				<p>“From what person?”</p>
				<p>“From your grandmother, sir. From Mrs. Dawson Kirk.”</p>
				<p>“Good lord! Grace Lane came to you with a letter from my grandmother?”</p>
				<p>“She did. I still have the letter. Perhaps you would like to see it?”</p>
				<p>Cuttle produced a gray, expensive-looking envelope. Kirk took out the enclosure and saw that the message was written in his grandmother’s cramped, old-fashioned hand. He read:</p>
				<blockquote>
					<p>“My dear Mr. Cuttle: The young woman who presents this letter is a good friend of mine, Miss Grace Lane. I should be very pleased if you could find some employment for her in the building⁠—I have thought of the work on the elevators. Miss Lane is far above such work, but she has had a bad time of it, and is eager to take anything that offers. I am sure you will find her willing and competent. I will vouch for her in every way. Sincerely yours, Mary Winthrop Kirk.”</p>
				</blockquote>
				<p>Kirk finished, a puzzled frown on his face. “I’ll keep this, Cuttle,” he remarked, putting the letter in his pocket. “And⁠—I guess it was just as well you said nothing to the police.”</p>
				<p>“I thought so, sir,” replied Cuttle with deep satisfaction, and retired.</p>
				<hr class="calibre7"/>
				<p/>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
