<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>X: The Letter from London</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-10" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="z3998:ordinal z3998:roman">X</h2>
				<p epub:type="title">The Letter from London</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>Captain Flannery got up and took a turn about the room. He was a simple man and the look on his face suggested that the complexities of his calling were growing irksome. He stopped in front of Eileen Enderby.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSo‚ÅÝ‚Äîthe elevator girl in the Kirk Building was Jennie Jerome? Then you lied a few minutes ago when you told Miss Morrow you hadn‚Äôt seen her?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou can‚Äôt hold that against her,‚Äù Enderby protested. ‚ÄúShe‚Äôs come back of her own free will to tell you the truth.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBut why didn‚Äôt she tell it in the first place?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOne doesn‚Äôt care to become involved in a matter of this sort. That‚Äôs only natural.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAll right, all right.‚Äù Flannery turned back to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr>¬ÝEnderby. ‚ÄúYou say you recognized this girl when you were going down in the elevator, on your way home after the dinner? And you let her see that you recognized her?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, yes. I cried out in surprise: ‚ÄòJennie! Jennie Jerome! What are you doing here?‚Äô‚Ää‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou saw what she was doing, didn‚Äôt you?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt was just one of those questions‚ÅÝ‚Äîit didn‚Äôt mean anything.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYeah. And what did she say?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúShe just smiled quietly and said: ‚ÄòHello, Eileen. I was wondering if you‚Äôd know me.‚Äô‚Ää‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThen what?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThere were a thousand questions I wanted to ask of course. Why she ran away that time‚ÅÝ‚Äîwhere she had been‚ÅÝ‚ÄîBut she wouldn‚Äôt answer, she just shook her head, still smiling, and said maybe some other time she‚Äôd tell me everything. And then she asked me if I‚Äôd do this‚ÅÝ‚Äîthis favor for her.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou mean, keep still about the fact that you‚Äôd seen her?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes. She said she‚Äôd done nothing wrong, but that if the story about how she left New York came out it might create a lot of suspicion‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAccording to your husband, you made no promise?‚Äù Flannery said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, I didn‚Äôt. Under ordinary conditions, of course, I‚Äôd have promised at once. But I thought of Sir Frederic‚Äôs murder, and it seemed to me a very serious thing she was asking. So I just said I‚Äôd think it over and let her know when I saw her again.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnd have you seen her again?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, I haven‚Äôt. It was all so strange. I hardly knew what to do.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, you‚Äôd better keep away from her,‚Äù Flannery suggested.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôll keep away from her all right. I feel as though I‚Äôd betrayed her.‚Äù Eileen Enderby glanced accusingly at her husband.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou were not in her debt,‚Äù said Enderby. ‚ÄúLying‚Äôs a dangerous business in a matter of this kind.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou‚Äôre lucky, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mrs.</abbr>¬ÝEnderby,‚Äù said the Captain. ‚ÄúYou‚Äôve got a sensible husband. Just listen to him, and you‚Äôll be OK. I guess that‚Äôs all now. You can go. Only keep this to yourself.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôll certainly do that,‚Äù the woman assured him. She rose.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIf I want you again, I‚Äôll let you know,‚Äù Flannery added.</p>
			<p>Chan opened the door for her. ‚ÄúMay I be permitted respectful inquiry,‚Äù he ventured. ‚ÄúThe beautiful garment marked by iron rust stains‚ÅÝ‚Äîit was not ruined beyond reclaim?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, not at all,‚Äù she answered. She paused, as though she felt that the matter called for an explanation. ‚ÄúWhen I saw that man on the fire-escape I became so excited I leaned against the garden railing. It was dripping with fog. Careless of me, wasn‚Äôt it?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIn moment of stress, how easy to slip into careless act,‚Äù returned Chan. Bowing low, he closed the door after the Enderbys.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell,‚Äù said Flannery, ‚ÄúI guess we‚Äôre getting somewhere at last. Though if you ask me where, I can‚Äôt tell you. Anyhow, we know that Sir Frederic was looking for Jennie Jerome the night he was killed, and that Jennie Jerome was running an elevator just outside his door. By heaven, I‚Äôve a notion to lock her up right now.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBut you haven‚Äôt anything against her,‚Äù Miss Morrow objected. ‚ÄúYou know that.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, I haven‚Äôt. However, the newspapers are howling for an arrest. They always are. I could give ‚Äôem Jennie Jerome‚ÅÝ‚Äîa pretty girl‚ÅÝ‚Äîthey‚Äôd eat it up. Then, if nothing else breaks against her, I could let her off, sort of quiet.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSuch tactics are beneath you, Captain,‚Äù Miss Morrow said. ‚ÄúI trust that when we make an arrest, it will be based on something more tangible than any evidence we‚Äôve got so far. Are you with me, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝChan?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúUndubitably,‚Äù Chan replied. He glanced up at the frowning face of the Captain. ‚ÄúIf I may make humble suggestion‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOf course,‚Äù agreed Miss Morrow.</p>
			<p>But Chan, it seemed, changed his mind. He kept his humble suggestion to himself. ‚ÄúPatience,‚Äù he finished lamely, ‚Äúalways brightest plan in these matters. Acting as champion of that lovely virtue, I have fought many fierce battles. American has always the urge to leap too quick. How well it was said, retire a step and you have the advantage.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBut these newspaper men‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù protested the Captain.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI do not wish to infest the picture,‚Äù Chan smiled, ‚Äúbut I would like to refer to my own habit in similar situation. When newspapers rage, I put nice roll of cotton in the ears. Simmered down to truth, I am responsible party, not newspaper reporter. I tell him with exquisite politeness to fade off and hush down.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúA good plan,‚Äù laughed Miss Morrow. She turned to Barry Kirk. ‚ÄúBy the way, do you know anything about this elevator girl? Grace Lane was, I believe, the name she gave the other night.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Kirk shook his head. ‚ÄúNot a thing. Except that she‚Äôs the prettiest girl we‚Äôve ever employed in the building. I‚Äôd noticed that, of course.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI rather thought you had,‚Äù Miss Morrow said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúLady, I‚Äôm not blind,‚Äù he assured her. ‚ÄúI notice beauty anywhere‚ÅÝ‚Äîin elevators, in cable cars‚ÅÝ‚Äîeven in a lawyer‚Äôs office. I tried to talk to this girl once or twice, but I didn‚Äôt get very far. If you like, I‚Äôll try it again.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, thanks. You‚Äôd probably be away off the subject.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, it all sounds mighty mysterious to me,‚Äù he admitted. ‚ÄúWe thought Sir Frederic was on the trail of Eve Durand, and now it seems it must have been a couple of other women. The poor chap is gone, but he‚Äôs left a most appalling puzzle on my doorstep. You‚Äôre all such nice detectives‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI don‚Äôt want to hurt your feelings‚ÅÝ‚Äîbut will you kindly tell me whither we are drifting? Where are we getting? Nowhere, if you ask me.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôm afraid you‚Äôre right,‚Äù Miss Morrow sighed.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúMaybe if I locked this woman up‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù began Flannery, attached to the idea.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, no,‚Äù Miss Morrow told him. ‚ÄúWe can‚Äôt do that. But we can shadow her. And since she is one who has some talent for walking off into the night, I suggest that you arrange the matter without delay.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Flannery nodded. ‚ÄúI‚Äôll put the boys on her trail. I guess you‚Äôre right‚ÅÝ‚Äîwe might get on to something that way. But <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝKirk has said it‚ÅÝ‚Äîwe‚Äôre not progressing very fast. If there was only some clue I could get my teeth into‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>Chan cut in. ‚ÄúThanks for recalling my wandering ideas,‚Äù he said. ‚ÄúSo much has happened the matter was obscure in my mind. I have something here that might furnish excellent teeth-hold.‚Äù He removed an envelope from his pocket and carefully extracted a folded sheet of paper and a picture postcard. ‚ÄúNo doubt, Captain, you have more cleverness with fingerprints than stupid man like me. Could you say‚ÅÝ‚Äîare these thumb prints identically the same?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Flannery studied the two items. ‚ÄúThey look the same to me. I could put our expert on them‚ÅÝ‚Äîbut say, what‚Äôs this all about?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBlank sheet of paper,‚Äù Chan explained, ‚Äúarrive in envelope marked Scotland Yard. Without question Miss Morrow has told you?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, yes‚ÅÝ‚Äîshe mentioned that. Somebody tampering with the mail, eh? And this thumb print on the postcard?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBestowed there last night by digit of Paradise, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝKirk‚Äôs butler,‚Äù Chan informed him.</p>
			<p>Flannery jumped up. ‚ÄúWell, why didn‚Äôt you say so? Now we‚Äôre getting on. You‚Äôve got the makings of a detective after all, Sergeant. Paradise, eh‚ÅÝ‚Äîfooling with Uncle Sam‚Äôs mail. That‚Äôs good enough for me‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI‚Äôll have him behind the bars in an hour.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Chan lifted a protesting hand. ‚ÄúOh, no‚ÅÝ‚Äîmy humblest apologies. Again you leap too sudden. We must watch and wait‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThe hell you say,‚Äù Flannery cried. ‚ÄúThat‚Äôs not my system. I‚Äôll nab him. I‚Äôll make him talk‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnd I,‚Äù sighed Barry Kirk, ‚Äúwill lose my perfect butler. Shall I write him a reference‚ÅÝ‚Äîor won‚Äôt they care, at the jail?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCaptain, pause and listen,‚Äù pleaded Chan. ‚ÄúWe have nothing here to prove Paradise fired fatal bullet into Sir Frederic. Yet somehow he is involved. We watch his every move. Much may be revealed by the unsuspecting. We hunt through his effects. Today, I believe, he enjoys weekly holiday. Is that not so?‚Äù He looked at Kirk.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes, it‚Äôs Black Thursday‚ÅÝ‚Äîthe servants‚Äô day off,‚Äù Kirk said. ‚ÄúParadise is probably at the movies‚ÅÝ‚Äîhe adores them. Melodrama‚ÅÝ‚Äîthat‚Äôs his meat.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúFortunate event,‚Äù continued Chan. ‚ÄúCook too is out. We return to bungalow and do some despicable prying into private life of Paradise. Is that not better, Captain, than searching through crowded atmosphere of movie theaters to make foolish arrest?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Flannery considered. ‚ÄúWell, I guess it is, at that.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBack to the bungalow,‚Äù said Kirk, rising. ‚ÄúIf Miss Morrow will lend a hand, I‚Äôll give you tea.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCount me out,‚Äù said Flannery.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnd other liquids,‚Äù amended Kirk.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCount me in again,‚Äù added Flannery. ‚ÄúYou got your car?‚Äù Kirk nodded. ‚ÄúYou take Miss Morrow then, and the Sergeant and I will follow in mine.‚Äù</p>
			<p>In the roadster on their way to the Kirk Building, Barry Kirk glanced at Miss Morrow and smiled.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes?‚Äù she inquired.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI was just thinking. I do, at times.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIs it necessary?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPerhaps not. But I find it exhilarating. I was thinking at that moment about you.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, please don‚Äôt trouble.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo trouble at all. I was wondering. There are so many mysterious women hovering about this case. And no one is asking you any questions.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhy should they?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhy shouldn‚Äôt they? Who are you? Where did you come from? Since you‚Äôre not very likely to investigate yourself, perhaps I should take over the job.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou‚Äôre very kind.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI hope you won‚Äôt object. Of course, you look young and innocent, but I have your word for it that men are easily fooled.‚Äù He steered round a lumbering truck, then turned to her sternly. ‚ÄúJust what were you doing on the night Eve Durand slipped from sight at Peshawar?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI was probably worrying over my home work,‚Äù the girl replied. ‚ÄúI was always very conscientious, even in the lowest grades.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôll bet you were. And where was this great mental effort taking place? Not in San Francisco?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, in Baltimore. That was my home before I came west to law school.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes? Peering further into your dark past‚ÅÝ‚Äîwhy, in heaven‚Äôs name, the law school? Disappointed in love, or something?‚Äù</p>
			<p>She smiled. ‚ÄúNot at all. Father was a judge, and it broke his heart that I wasn‚Äôt a boy.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôve noticed how unreasonable judges are. Times when they‚Äôve talked to me about my automobile driving. So the judge wanted a boy? He didn‚Äôt know his luck.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, he gradually discovered I wasn‚Äôt a total loss. He asked me to study law, and I did.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat an obedient child,‚Äù Kirk said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI didn‚Äôt mind‚ÅÝ‚Äîin fact, I rather liked it. You see, frivolous things never have appealed to me.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôm afraid that‚Äôs true. And it worries me.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhy should it?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBecause, as it happens, I‚Äôm one of those frivolous things.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBut surely you have your serious side?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI‚Äôm afraid that side was just sketched in‚ÅÝ‚Äînever finished. However, I‚Äôm working on it. Before I get through you‚Äôll be calling me deacon.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúReally? I‚Äôm afraid I‚Äôve never cared much for deacons, either.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, not exactly deacon, then. I‚Äôll try to strike a happy medium.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôll help you,‚Äù smiled the girl.</p>
			<p>Kirk parked his car in a side street, and they went round the corner to the Kirk Building. It was Grace Lane who took them aloft. Kirk studied her with a new interest. Strands of dark red hair crept out from beneath her cap; her face was pale, but unlined and young. Age uncertain, Kirk thought, but beauty unmistakable. What was the secret of her past? Why had Sir Frederic brought to the Kirk Building that clipping about Jennie Jerome?</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôll be along in a minute,‚Äù Miss Morrow said, when the elevator stopped at the twentieth floor. Kirk nodded and preceded her to the roof. She followed almost immediately. ‚ÄúI wanted to ask a question or two,‚Äù she explained. ‚ÄúYou see, I gave Grace Lane very little attention on the night Sir Frederic was killed.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat do you think of her‚ÅÝ‚Äînow that you‚Äôve looked again?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúShe‚Äôs a lady‚ÅÝ‚Äîif you don‚Äôt mind an overworked word. This job she has now is beneath her.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThink so?‚Äù Kirk took Miss Morrow‚Äôs coat. ‚ÄúI should have said that most of the time, it‚Äôs over her head.‚Äù</p>
			<p>The girl shrugged. ‚ÄúThat from you, deacon,‚Äù she said, reproachfully.</p>
			<p>Chan and Captain Flannery were at the door, and Kirk let them in. The Captain was all business.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHello,‚Äù he said. ‚ÄúNow if you‚Äôll show us that butler‚Äôs room, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝKirk, we‚Äôll get busy right away. I‚Äôve brought a few skeleton keys. We‚Äôll go over the place like a vacuum cleaner.‚Äù Kirk led them into the corridor.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHow about the cook‚Äôs room?‚Äù Flannery added. ‚ÄúWe might take a look at that.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúMy cook‚Äôs a Frenchman,‚Äù Kirk explained. ‚ÄúHe sleeps out.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHumph. He was here the other night at the time of the murder?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes, of course.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, I‚Äôd better have a talk with him some time.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHe speaks very little English,‚Äù Kirk smiled. ‚ÄúYou‚Äôll enjoy him.‚Äù He left the two in the butler‚Äôs bedroom, and returned to Miss Morrow.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI suppose you hate the sight of a kitchen,‚Äù he suggested.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhy should I?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell‚ÅÝ‚Äîa big lawyer like you‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBut I‚Äôve studied cookbooks, too. You‚Äôd be surprised. I can cook the most delicious‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúRarebit,‚Äù he finished. ‚ÄúI know. And your chocolate fudge was famous at the sorority house. I‚Äôve heard it before.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPlease let me finish. I was going to say, pot roast. And my lemon pie is not so bad, either.‚Äù</p>
			<p>He stood solemnly regarding her. ‚ÄúLady,‚Äù he announced, ‚Äúyou improve on acquaintance. And if that isn‚Äôt gilding the lily, I don‚Äôt know what is. Come with me and we‚Äôll dig up the tea things.‚Äù</p>
			<p>She followed him to the kitchen. ‚ÄúI‚Äôve got a little apartment,‚Äù she said. ‚ÄúAnd when I‚Äôm not too tired, I get my own dinner.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHow are you on Thursday nights?‚Äù he asked. ‚ÄúPretty tired?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat depends. Why?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúServants‚Äô night out. Need I say more?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Miss Morrow laughed. ‚ÄúI‚Äôll remember,‚Äù she promised. With deft hands she set the water to boiling, and began to arrange the tea tray. ‚ÄúHow neat everything is,‚Äù she remarked. ‚ÄúParadise is a wonder.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúTell that to my grandmother,‚Äù Kirk suggested. ‚ÄúShe believes that a man who lives alone wallows in grime and waste. Every home needs a woman‚Äôs touch, according to her story.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAbsurd,‚Äù cried the girl.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, well‚ÅÝ‚Äîgrandmother dates back a few years. In her day women were housekeepers. Now they‚Äôre movie fans, club members, lawyers‚ÅÝ‚Äîwhat have you? Must have been a rather comfortable age at that.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúFor the men, yes.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnd men don‚Äôt count any more.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI wouldn‚Äôt say that. I guess we‚Äôre ready now.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Kirk carried the tray to the living-room, and placed it on a low table before the fire. Miss Morrow sat down behind it. He threw a couple of logs on to the glowing embers, then, visiting the dining-room, returned with a bottle, a siphon and glasses.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúMustn‚Äôt forget that Captain Flannery doesn‚Äôt approve of tea,‚Äù he said.</p>
			<p>Miss Morrow looked toward the passageway. ‚ÄúThey‚Äôd better hurry, or they‚Äôll be late for the party,‚Äù she remarked.</p>
			<p>But Chan and Flannery did not appear. Outside the March dusk was falling; a sharp wind swept through the little garden and rattled insistently at the casements. Kirk drew the curtains. On the hearth the fresh logs flamed, filling the room with a warm, satisfying glow. He took from Miss Morrow‚Äôs hand his cup of tea, selected a small cake, and dropped into a chair.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCozy‚ÅÝ‚Äîthat would be my word for this,‚Äù he smiled. ‚ÄúTo look at you now, no one would ever suspect that old affair between you and Blackstone.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôm versatile, anyhow,‚Äù she said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI wonder,‚Äù he replied.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWonder what?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI wonder just how versatile you are. It‚Äôs a matter I intend to investigate further. I may add that I am regarded throughout the world as the greatest living judge of a lemon pie.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYou frighten me,‚Äù Miss Morrow said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIf your testimony has been the truth, so help you,‚Äù he answered, ‚Äúwhat is there to be frightened about?‚Äù</p>
			<p>At that moment Chan and Flannery appeared in the doorway. The Captain seemed very pleased with himself.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat luck?‚Äù Kirk inquired.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThe best,‚Äù beamed Flannery. He carried a piece of paper in his hand. ‚ÄúAh‚ÅÝ‚Äîshall I help myself?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBy all means,‚Äù Kirk told him. ‚ÄúA congratulatory potion. <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝChan‚ÅÝ‚Äîwhat‚Äôs yours?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúTea, if Miss Morrow will be so kind. Three lumps of sugar and the breath of the lemon in passing.‚Äù</p>
			<p>The girl prepared his cup. Flannery dropped into a chair.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI see you‚Äôve found something,‚Äù Kirk suggested.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI certainly have,‚Äù the Captain replied. ‚ÄúI‚Äôve found the letter from Scotland Yard that Paradise nabbed from the mail.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúGood enough,‚Äù cried Kirk.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúA slick bird, this Paradise,‚Äù Flannery went on. ‚ÄúWhere do you think he had it? All folded up in a little wad and tucked into the toe of a shoe.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHow clever of you to look there,‚Äù Miss Morrow approved.</p>
			<p>Flannery hesitated. ‚ÄúWell‚ÅÝ‚Äîer‚ÅÝ‚Äîcome to think of it, I didn‚Äôt. It was Sergeant Chan here dug it up. Yes, sir‚ÅÝ‚Äîthe Sergeant‚Äôs getting to be a real sleuth.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúUnder your brilliant instruction,‚Äù smiled Chan.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, we can all learn from each other,‚Äù conceded the Captain. ‚ÄúAnyhow, he found it, and turned it right over to me. The letter that came in the Scotland Yard envelope‚ÅÝ‚Äîno question about it. See‚ÅÝ‚Äîat the top‚ÅÝ‚Äîthe Metropolitan Police‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIf it‚Äôs not asking too much,‚Äù said Kirk, ‚Äúwhat‚Äôs in the letter?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Flannery‚Äôs face fell. ‚ÄúNot a whole lot. We‚Äôll have to admit that. But little by little‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWith brief steps we advance,‚Äù put in Chan. ‚ÄúHumbly suggest you read the epistle.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, it‚Äôs addressed to Sir Frederic, care of Cook‚Äôs, San Francisco,‚Äù said Flannery. He read:</p>
			<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
				<p>‚Äú<b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Dear Sir Frederic</b>: I was very glad to get your letter from Shanghai and to know that you are near the end of a long trail. It is indeed surprising news to me that the murder of Hilary Galt and the disappearance of Eve Durand from Peshawar are, in your final analysis, linked together. I know you always contended they were, but much as I admire your talents, I felt sure you were mistaken. I can only apologize most humbly. It is a matter of regret to me that you did not tell me more; what you wrote roused my interest to a high pitch. Believe me, I shall be eager to hear the end of this strange case.</p>
				<p>‚ÄúBy the way, Inspector Rupert Duff will be in the States on another matter at about the time you reach San Francisco. You know Duff, of course. A good man. If you should require his help, you have only to wire him at the Hotel Waldorf, New York.</p>
				<p>‚ÄúWith all good wishes for a happy outcome to your investigation,</p>
				<footer role="presentation">
					<p epub:type="z3998:valediction">I am, sir, always, your obedient servant,</p>
					<p epub:type="z3998:sender z3998:signature">Martin Benfield, Deputy-Commissioner.‚Äù</p>
				</footer>
			</blockquote>
			<p>Flannery stopped reading and looked at the others. ‚ÄúWell, there you are,‚Äù he said. ‚ÄúThe Galt affair and Eve Durand are mixed up together. Of course that ain‚Äôt exactly news‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI‚Äôve known it right along. What I want to find out now is, why did Paradise try to keep this information from us? What‚Äôs his stake in the affair? I could arrest him at once, but I‚Äôm afraid that if I do, he‚Äôll shut up like a clam and that will end it. He doesn‚Äôt know we‚Äôre wise to him, so I‚Äôm going to put this letter back where we found it and give him a little more rope. The Sergeant here has agreed to keep an eye on him, and I rely on you, too, <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝKirk, to see that he doesn‚Äôt get away.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúDon‚Äôt worry,‚Äù said Kirk. ‚ÄúI don‚Äôt want to lose him.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Flannery rose. ‚ÄúSir Frederic‚Äôs mail isn‚Äôt coming here any more?‚Äù he inquired of Miss Morrow.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo, of course not. I arranged to have it sent to my office. There‚Äôs been nothing of interest‚ÅÝ‚Äîpurely personal matters.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI must put this letter back, and then I‚Äôll have to run along,‚Äù the Captain said. He went into the passageway.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell,‚Äù remarked Kirk, ‚ÄúParadise hangs on a little longer. I see your handiwork there, Sergeant, and you have my warmest thanks.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúFor a brief time, at least,‚Äù Chan said. ‚ÄúYou will perceive I am no person‚Äôs fool. I do not arrange arrest of butler in house where I am guest. I protect him, and I would do same for the cook.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Flannery returned. ‚ÄúI got to get back to the station,‚Äù he announced. ‚Äú<abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr>¬ÝKirk, thanks for your‚ÅÝ‚Äîer‚ÅÝ‚Äîhospitality.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Miss Morrow looked up at him. ‚ÄúYou are going to wire to New York for Inspector Duff?‚Äù she asked.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI am not,‚Äù the Captain said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBut he might be of great help‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNix,‚Äù cut in Flannery stubbornly. ‚ÄúI got about all the help I can stand on this case now. Get him here and have him under foot? No, sir‚ÅÝ‚ÄîI‚Äôm going to find out first who killed Sir Frederic. After that, they can all come. Don‚Äôt you say so, Sergeant?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Chan nodded. ‚ÄúYou are wise man. The ship with too many steersmen never reaches port.‚Äù</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
