<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>II: What Happened to Eve Durand?</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-2" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">II</h2>
				<h3 epub:type="title">What Happened to Eve Durand?</h3>
			</hgroup>
			<p>The next day at one Sir Frederic Bruce stood in the lobby of the St. Francis, a commanding figure in a gray tweed suit. By his side, as immaculate as his guest, stood Barry Kirk, looking out on the busy scene with the amused tolerance befitting a young man of vast leisure and not a care in the world. Kirk hung his stick on his arm, and took a letter from his pocket.</p>
			<p>“By the way, I had this note from J. V. Morrow in the morning’s mail,” he said. “Thanks me very politely for my invitation, and says that I’ll know him when he shows up because he’ll be wearing a green hat. One of those green plush hats, I suppose. Hardly the sort of thing I’d put on my head if I were a deputy district attorney.”</p>
			<p>Sir Frederic did not reply. He was watching Bill Rankin approach rapidly across the floor. At the reporter’s side walked, surprisingly light of step, an unimpressive little man with a bulging waistband and a very earnest expression on his chubby face.</p>
			<p>“Here we are,” Rankin said. “Sir Frederic Bruce⁠—may I present Detective-Sergeant Chan, of the Honolulu police?”</p>
			<p>Charlie Chan bent quickly like a jack-knife. “The honor,” he said, “is unbelievably immense. In Sir Frederic’s reflected glory I am happy to bask. The tiger has condescended to the fly.”</p>
			<p>Somewhat at a loss, the Englishman caressed his mustache and smiled down on the detective from Hawaii. As a keen judge of men, already he saw something in those black restless eyes that held his attention.</p>
			<p>“I’m happy to know you, Sergeant Chan,” he said. “It seems we think alike on certain important points. We should get on well together.”</p>
			<p>Rankin introduced Chan to the host, who greeted the little Chinese with obvious approval. “Good of you to come,” he said.</p>
			<p>“A four-horse chariot could not have dragged me in an opposite direction,” Chan assured him.</p>
			<p>Kirk looked at his watch. “All here but J. V. Morrow,” he remarked. “He wrote me this morning that he’s coming in at the Post Street entrance. If you’ll excuse me, I’ll have a look around.”</p>
			<p>He strolled down the corridor toward Post Street. Near the door, on a velvet davenport, sat a strikingly attractive young woman. No other seat was available, and with an interested glance at the girl Kirk also dropped down on the davenport. “If you don’t mind⁠—” he murmured.</p>
			<p>“Not at all,” she replied, in a voice that somehow suited her.</p>
			<p>They sat in silence. Presently Kirk was aware that she was looking at him. He glanced up, to meet her smile.</p>
			<p>“People are always late,” he ventured.</p>
			<p>“Aren’t they?”</p>
			<p>“No reason for it, usually. Just too inefficient to make the grade. Nothing annoys me more.”</p>
			<p>“I feel the same way,” the girl nodded.</p>
			<p>Another silence. The girl was still smiling at him.</p>
			<p>“Go out of your way to invite somebody you don’t know to lunch,” Kirk continued, “and he isn’t even courteous enough to arrive on time.”</p>
			<p>“Abominable,” she agreed. “You have all my sympathy⁠—Mr. Kirk.”</p>
			<p>He started. “Oh⁠—you know me?”</p>
			<p>She nodded. “Somebody once pointed you out to me⁠—at a charity bazaar,” she explained.</p>
			<p>“Well,” he sighed, “their charity didn’t extend to me. Nobody pointed you out.” He looked at his watch.</p>
			<p>“This person you’re expecting⁠—” began the girl.</p>
			<p>“A lawyer,” he answered. “I hate all lawyers. They’re always telling you something you’d rather not know.”</p>
			<p>“Yes⁠—aren’t they?”</p>
			<p>“Messing around with other people’s troubles. What a life.”</p>
			<p>“Frightful.” Another silence. “You say you don’t know this lawyer?” A rather unkempt young man came in and hurried past. “How do you expect to recognize him?”</p>
			<p>“He wrote me he’d be wearing a green hat. Imagine! Why not a rose behind his ear?”</p>
			<p>“A green hat.” The girl’s smile grew even brighter. Charming, thought Kirk. Suddenly he stared at her in amazement. “Good lord⁠—you’re wearing a green hat!” he cried.</p>
			<p>“I’m afraid I am.”</p>
			<p>“Don’t tell me⁠—”</p>
			<p>“Yes⁠—it’s true. I’m the lawyer. And you hate all lawyers. What a pity.”</p>
			<p>“But I didn’t dream⁠—”</p>
			<p>“J. V. Morrow,” she went on. “The first name is June.”</p>
			<p>“And I thought it was Jim,” he cried. “Please forgive me.”</p>
			<p>“You’d never have invited me if you’d known⁠—would you?”</p>
			<p>“On the contrary⁠—I wouldn’t have invited anybody else. But come along. There are a lot of murder experts in the lobby dying to meet you.”</p>
			<p>They rose, and walked rapidly down the corridor, “You’re interested in murder?” Kirk inquired.</p>
			<p>“Among other things,” she smiled.</p>
			<p>“Must take it up myself,” Kirk murmured.</p>
			<p>Men turned to look at her a second time, he noticed. There was an alertness in her dark eyes that resembled the look in Chan’s, her manner was brisk and businesslike, but for all that she was feminine, alluring.</p>
			<p>He introduced her to the surprised Sir Frederic, then to Charlie Chan. The expression on the face of the little Chinese did not alter. He bowed low.</p>
			<p>“The moment has charm,” he remarked.</p>
			<p>Kirk turned to Rankin. “And all the time,” he accused, “you knew who J. V. Morrow was.”</p>
			<p>The reporter shrugged. “I thought I’d let you find it out for yourself. Life holds so few pleasant surprises.”</p>
			<p>“It never held a pleasanter one for me,” Kirk answered. They went in to the table he had engaged, which stood in a secluded corner.</p>
			<p>When they were seated, the girl turned to her host. “This was so good of you. And of Sir Frederic, too. I know how busy he must be.”</p>
			<p>The Englishman bowed. “A fortunate moment for me,” he smiled, “when I decided I was not too busy to meet J. V. Morrow. I had heard that in the States young women were emancipated⁠—”</p>
			<p>“Of course, you don’t approve,” she said.</p>
			<p>“Oh⁠—but I do,” he murmured.</p>
			<p>“And Mr. Chan. I’m sure Mr. Chan disapproves of me.”</p>
			<p>Chan regarded her blankly. “Does the elephant disapprove of the butterfly? And who cares?”</p>
			<p>“No answer at all,” smiled the girl. “You are returning to Honolulu soon, Mr. Chan?”</p>
			<p>A delighted expression appeared on the blank face. “To-morrow at noon the <i class="calibre3">Maui</i> receives my humble person. We churn over to Hawaii together.”</p>
			<p>“I see you are eager to go,” said the girl.</p>
			<p>“The brightest eyes are sometimes blind,” replied Chan. “Not true in your case. It is now three weeks since I arrived on the mainland, thinking to taste the joys of holiday. Before I am aware events engulf me, and like the postman who has day of rest I foolishly set out on long, tiresome walk. Happy to say that walk are ended now. With beating heart I turn toward little home on Punchbowl Hill.”</p>
			<p>“I know how you feel,” said Miss Morrow.</p>
			<p>“Humbly begging pardon to mention it, you do not. I have hesitation in adding to your ear that one thing calls me home with unbearable force. I am soon to be happy father.”</p>
			<p>“For the first time?” asked Barry Kirk.</p>
			<p>“The eleventh occasion of the kind,” Chan answered.</p>
			<p>“Must be sort of an old story by now,” Bill Rankin suggested.</p>
			<p>“That is one story which does not get aged,” Chan replied. “You will learn. But my trivial affairs have no place here. We are met to honor a distinguished guest.” He looked toward Sir Frederic.</p>
			<p>Bill Rankin thought of his coming story. “I was moved to get you two together,” he said, “because I found you think alike. Sir Frederic is also scornful of science as an aid to crime detection.”</p>
			<p>“I have formed that view from my experience,” remarked Sir Frederic.</p>
			<p>“A great pleasure,” Chan beamed, “to hear that huge mind like Sir Frederic’s moves in same groove as my poor head-piece. Intricate mechanics good in books, in real life not so much so. My experience tell me to think deep about human people. Human passions. Back of murder what, always? Hate, greed, revenge, need to make silent the slain one. Study human people at all times.”</p>
			<p>“Precisely,” agreed Sir Frederic. “The human element⁠—that is what counts. I have had no luck with scientific devices. Take the dictaphone⁠—it has been a complete washout at the Yard.” He talked on, while the luncheon progressed. Finally he turned to Chan. “And what have your methods gained you, Sergeant? You have been successful, I hear.”</p>
			<p>Chan shrugged. “Luck⁠—always happy luck.”</p>
			<p>“You’re too modest,” said Rankin. “That won’t get you anywhere.”</p>
			<p>“The question now arises⁠—where do I want to go?”</p>
			<p>“But surely you’re ambitious?” Miss Morrow suggested.</p>
			<p>Chan turned to her gravely. “Coarse food to eat, water to drink, and the bended arm for a pillow⁠—that is an old definition of happiness in my country. What is ambition? A canker that eats at the heart of the white man, denying him the joys of contentment. Is it also attacking the heart of white woman? I hope not.” The girl looked away. “I fear I am victim of crude philosophy from Orient. Man⁠—what is he? Merely one link in a great chain binding the past with the future. All times I remember I am link. Unsignificant link joining those ancestors whose bones repose on far distant hillsides with the ten children⁠—it may now be eleven⁠—in my house on Punchbowl Hill.”</p>
			<p>“A comforting creed,” Barry Kirk commented.</p>
			<p>“So, waiting the end, I do my duty as it rises. I tread the path that opens.” He turned to Sir Frederic. “On one point, from my reading, I am curious. In your work at Scotland Yard, you follow only one clue. What you call the essential clue.”</p>
			<p>Sir Frederic nodded. “Such is usually our custom. When we fail, our critics ascribe it to that. They say, for example, that our obsession over the essential clue is the reason why we never solved the famous Ely Place murder.”</p>
			<p>They all sat up with interest. Bill Rankin beamed. Now things were getting somewhere. “I’m afraid we never heard of the Ely Place murder, Sir Frederic,” he hinted.</p>
			<p>“I sincerely wish I never had,” the Englishman replied. “It was the first serious case that came to me when I took charge of the C. I. D. over sixteen years ago. I am chagrined to say I have never been able to fathom it.”</p>
			<p>He finished his salad, and pushed away the plate. “Since I have gone so far, I perceive I must go farther. Hilary Galt was the senior partner in the firm of Pennock and Galt, solicitors, with offices in Ely Place, Holborn. The business this firm carried on for more than a generation was unique of its kind. Troubled people in the highest ranks of society went to them for shrewd professional advice and Mr. Hilary Galt and his father-in-law, Pennock, who died some twenty years ago, were entrusted with more numerous and romantic secrets than any other firm of solicitors in London. They knew the hidden history of every rascal in Europe, and they rescued many persons from the clutches of blackmailers. It was their boast that they never kept records of any sort.”</p>
			<p>Dessert was brought, and after this interruption, Sir Frederic continued.</p>
			<p>“One foggy January night sixteen years ago, a caretaker entered Mr. Hilary Galt’s private office, presumably deserted for the day. The gas lights were ablaze, the windows shut and locked; there was no sign of any disturbance. But on the floor lay Hilary Galt, with a bullet in his brain.</p>
			<p>“There was just one clue, and over that we puzzled for many weary months at the Yard. Hilary Galt was a meticulous dresser, his attire was perfect, always. It was perfect on this occasion⁠—with one striking exception. His highly polished boots⁠—I presume you call them shoes over here⁠—were removed and standing on a pile of papers on top of his desk. And on his feet he wore a pair of velvet slippers, embellished with a curious design.</p>
			<p>“These, of course, seemed to the Yard the essential clue, and we set to work. We traced those slippers to the Chinese Legation in Portland Place. Mr. Galt had been of some trifling service to the Chinese minister, and early on the day of his murder the slippers had arrived as a gift from that gentleman. Galt had shown them to his office staff, and they were last seen wrapped loosely in their covering near his hat and stick. That was as far as we got.</p>
			<p>“For sixteen years I have puzzled over those slippers. Why did Mr. Hilary Galt remove his boots, don the slippers, and prepare himself as though for some extraordinary adventure? I don’t know to this day. The slippers still haunt me. When I resigned from the Yard, I rescued them from the Black Museum and took them with me as a souvenir of my first case⁠—an unhappy souvenir of failure. I should like to show them to you, Miss Morrow.”</p>
			<p>“Thrilling,” said the girl.</p>
			<p>“Annoying,” corrected Sir Frederic grimly.</p>
			<p>Bill Rankin looked at Charlie Chan. “What’s your reaction to that case, Sergeant?” he inquired.</p>
			<p>Chan’s eyes narrowed in thought. “Humbly begging pardon to inquire,” he said, “have you the custom, Sir Frederic, to put yourself in place of murderer?”</p>
			<p>“It’s a good idea,” the Englishman answered, “if you can do it. You mean⁠—”</p>
			<p>“A man who has killed⁠—a very clever man⁠—he knows that Scotland Yard has fiercely fixed idea about essential clue. His wits accompany him. He furnishes gladly one essential clue which has no meaning and leads no place at all.”</p>
			<p>Sir Frederic regarded him keenly. “Excellent,” he remarked. “And it has one great virtue⁠—from your point of view. It completely exonerates your countrymen at the Chinese Legation.”</p>
			<p>“It might do more than that,” suggested Barry Kirk.</p>
			<p>Sir Frederic thoughtfully ate his dessert. No one spoke for some moments. But Bill Rankin was eager for more material.</p>
			<p>“A very interesting case, Sir Frederic,” he remarked. “You must have a lot like it up your sleeve. Murders that ended more successfully for Scotland Yard⁠—”</p>
			<p>“Hundreds,” nodded the detective. “But none that still holds its interest for me like the crime in Ely Place. As a matter of fact, I have never found murder so fascinating as some other things. The murder case came and went and, with a rare exception such as this I have mentioned, was quickly forgotten. But there is one mystery that to me has always been the most exciting in the world.”</p>
			<p>“And what is that?” asked Rankin, while they waited with deep interest.</p>
			<p>“The mystery of the missing,” Sir Frederic replied. “The man or woman who steps quietly out of the picture and is never seen again. Hilary Galt, dead in his office, presents a puzzle, of course; still, there is something to get hold of, something tangible, a body on the floor. But if Hilary Galt had disappeared into the fog that gloomy night, leaving no trace⁠—that would have been another story.</p>
			<p>“For years I have been enthralled by the stories of the missing,” the detective went on. “Even when they were outside my province, I followed many of them. Often the solution was simple, or sordid, but that could never detract from the thrill of the ones that remained unsolved. And of all those unsolved cases, there is one that I have never ceased to think about. Sometimes in the night I wake up and ask myself⁠—what happened to Eve Durand?”</p>
			<p>“Eve Durand,” repeated Rankin eagerly.</p>
			<p>“That was her name. As a matter of fact, I had nothing to do with the case. It happened outside my bailiwick⁠—very far outside. But I followed it with intense interest from the first. There are others, too, who have never forgotten⁠—just before I left England I clipped from a British periodical a brief reference to the matter⁠—I have it here.” He removed a bit of paper from his purse. “Miss Morrow⁠—will you be kind enough to read this aloud?”</p>
			<p>The girl took the clipping. She began to read, in a low, clear voice:</p>
			<blockquote>
				<p>“A gay crowd of Anglo-Indians gathered one night fifteen years ago on a hill outside Peshawar to watch the moon rise over that isolated frontier town. Among the company were Captain Eric Durand and his wife, just out ‘from home.’ Eve Durand was young, pretty and well-born⁠—a Miss Mannering, of Devonshire. Some one proposed a game of hide-and-seek before the ride back to Peshawar. The game was never finished. They are still looking for Eve Durand. Eventually all India was enlisted in the game. Jungle and bazaar, walled city and teak forest, were fine-combed for her. Through all the subterranean channels of that no-white-man’s land of native life the search was carried by the famous secret service. After five years her husband retired to a life of seclusion in England, and Eve Durand became a legend⁠—a horror tale to be told by ayahs to naughty children, along with the ghost stories of that north country.”</p>
			</blockquote>
			<p>The girl ceased reading, and looked at Sir Frederic, wide-eyed. There followed a moment of tense silence.</p>
			<p>Bill Rankin broke the spell. “Some little game of hide-and-seek,” he said.</p>
			<p>“Can you wonder,” asked Sir Frederic, “that for fifteen years the disappearance of Eve Durand, like Hilary Galt’s slippers, has haunted me? A notably beautiful woman⁠—a child, really⁠—she was but eighteen that mysterious night at Peshawar. A blonde, blue-eyed, helpless child, lost in the dark of those dangerous hills. Where did she go? What became of her? Was she murdered? What happened to Eve Durand?”</p>
			<p>“I’d rather like to know myself,” remarked Barry Kirk softly.</p>
			<p>“All India, as the clipping says, was enlisted in the game. By telegraph and by messenger, inquiries went, forward. Her heart-broken, frantic husband was given leave, and at the risk of his life he scoured that wild country. The secret service did its utmost. Nothing happened. No word ever came back to Peshawar.</p>
			<p>“It was like looking for a needle in a haystack, and in time, for most people, the game lost its thrill. The hue and cry died down. All save a few forgot.</p>
			<p>“When I retired from the Yard and set out on this trip around the world, India was of course on my itinerary. Though it was far off my track, I resolved to visit Peshawar. I went down to Ripple Court in Devonshire and had a chat with Sir George Mannering, the uncle of Eve Durand. Poor man, he is old before his time. He gave me what information he could⁠—it was pitifully meager. I promised I would try to take up the threads of this old mystery when I reached India.”</p>
			<p>“And you did?” Rankin inquired.</p>
			<p>“I tried⁠—but, my dear fellow, have you ever seen Peshawar? When I reached there the hopelessness of my quest struck me, as Mr. Chan might say, with an unbearable force. The Paris of the Pathans, they call it, and its filthy alleys teem with every race in the East. It isn’t a city, it’s a caravansary, and its population is constantly shifting. The English garrison is changed frequently, and I could find scarcely any one who was there in the time of Eve Durand.</p>
			<p>“As I say, Peshawar appalled me. Anything could happen there. A wicked town⁠—its sins are the sins of opium and hemp and jealousy and intrigue, of battle, murder and sudden death, of gambling and strange intoxications, the lust of revenge. Who can explain the deviltry that gets into men’s blood in certain latitudes? I walked the Street of the Story Tellers and wondered in vain over the story of Eve Durand. What a place to bring a woman like that, delicately reared, young, inexperienced.”</p>
			<p>“You learned nothing?” inquired Barry Kirk.</p>
			<p>“What could you expect?” Sir Frederic dropped a small lump of sugar into his coffee. “Fifteen years since that little picnic party rode back to Peshawar, back to the compound of the lonely garrison, leading behind them the riderless pony of Eve Durand. And fifteen years, I may tell you, make a very heavy curtain on India’s frontier.”</p>
			<p>Again Bill Rankin turned to Charlie Chan. “What do you say, Sergeant?” he asked.</p>
			<p>Chan considered. “The town named Peshawar stands with great proximity to the Khyber Pass, leading into wilds of Afghanistan,” he said.</p>
			<p>Sir Frederic nodded. “It does. But every foot of the pass is guarded night and day by British troops, and no European is permitted to leave by that route, save under very special conditions. No, Eve Durand could never have left India by way of the Khyber Pass. The thing would have been impossible. Grant the impossible, and she could not have lived a day among the wild hill men over the border.”</p>
			<p>Chan gravely regarded the man from Scotland Yard. “It is not to be amazed at,” he said, “that you have felt such deep interest. Speaking humbly for myself, I desire with unlimited yearning to look behind that curtain of which you speak.”</p>
			<p>“That is the curse of our business, Sergeant,” Sir Frederic replied. “No matter what our record of successes, there must always remain those curtains behind which we long with unlimited yearning to look⁠—and never do.”</p>
			<p>Barry Kirk paid the check, and they rose from the table. In the lobby, during the course of the good-bys, the party broke up momentarily into two groups. Rankin, Kirk and the girl went to the door, and after a hurried expression of thanks, the reporter dashed out to the street.</p>
			<p>“Mr. Kirk⁠—it was wonderful,” Miss Morrow said. “Why are all Englishmen so fascinating? Tell me that.”</p>
			<p>“Oh⁠—are they?” He shrugged. “You tell me. You girls always fall for them, I notice.”</p>
			<p>“Well⁠—they have an air about them. An atmosphere. They’re not provincial, like a Rotarian who wants to tell you about the water-works. He took us traveling, didn’t he? London and Peshawar⁠—I could listen to him for hours. Sorry I have to run.”</p>
			<p>“Wait. You can do something for me.”</p>
			<p>“After what you’ve done for me,” she smiled, “anything you ask.”</p>
			<p>“Good. This Chinese⁠—Chan⁠—he strikes me as a gentleman, and a mighty interesting one. I believe he would go big at my dinner to-night. I’d like to ask him, but that would throw my table out of gear. I need another woman. How about it? Will old man Blackstone let you off for the evening?”</p>
			<p>“He might.”</p>
			<p>“Just a small party⁠—my grandmother, and some people Sir Frederic has asked me to invite. And since you find Englishmen so fascinating, there’ll be Colonel John Beetham, the famous Asiatic explorer. He’s going to show us some movies he took in Tibet⁠—which is the first intimation I’ve had that anything ever moved in Tibet.”</p>
			<p>“That will be splendid. I’ve seen Colonel Beetham’s picture in the papers.”</p>
			<p>“I know⁠—the women are all crazy about him, too. Even poor grandmother⁠—she’s thinking of putting up money for his next expedition to the Gobi Desert. You’ll come then? Seven thirty.”</p>
			<p>“I’d love to⁠—but it does seem presumptuous. After what you said about lawyers⁠—”</p>
			<p>“Yes⁠—that was careless of me. I’ll have to live it down. Give me a chance. My bungalow⁠—you know where it is⁠—”</p>
			<p>She laughed. “Thanks. I’ll come. Good-by⁠—until to-night.”</p>
			<p>Meanwhile Sir Frederic Bruce had led Charlie Chan to a sofa in the lobby. “I was eager to meet you, Sergeant,” he said, “for many reasons. Tell me, are you familiar with San Francisco’s Chinatown?”</p>
			<p>“I have slight acquaintance with same,” Chan admitted. “My cousin, Chan Kee Lim, is an honored resident of Waverly Place.”</p>
			<p>“Have you, by any chance, heard of a Chinese down there⁠—a stranger, a tourist⁠—named Li Gung?”</p>
			<p>“No doubt there are many so named. I do not know the one you bring up.”</p>
			<p>“This man is a guest of relatives on Jackson Street. You could do me a great service, Sergeant.”</p>
			<p>“It would remain,” said Chan, “a golden item on the scroll of memory.”</p>
			<p>“Li Gung has certain information and I want it. I have tried to interview him myself, but naturally with no success.”</p>
			<p>“Light begins to dawn.”</p>
			<p>“If you could strike up an acquaintance with him⁠—get into his confidence⁠—”</p>
			<p>“Humbly asking pardon, I do not spy on my own race with no good reason.”</p>
			<p>“The reasons in this case are excellent.”</p>
			<p>“Only a fool could doubt it. But what you hint would demand a considerable interval of time. My humble affairs have rightly no interest for you, so you have properly overlooked my situation. To-morrow at noon I hasten to my home.”</p>
			<p>“You could stay over a week. I would make it greatly worth your while.”</p>
			<p>A stubborn look came into the little eyes. “One path only is worth my while now. The path to my home on Punchbowl Hill.”</p>
			<p>“I mean I would pay⁠—”</p>
			<p>“Again asking pardon⁠—I have food, I have clothes which cover even the vast area I possess. Beyond that, what is money?”</p>
			<p>“Very good. It was only a suggestion.”</p>
			<p>“I am desolated by acute pain,” replied Chan. “But I must refuse.”</p>
			<p>Barry Kirk joined them. “Mr. Chan, I’m going to ask you to do something for me,” he began.</p>
			<p>Chan sought to keep concern from his face, and succeeded. But what next, he wondered. “I am eagerly at attention,” he said. “You are my host.”</p>
			<p>“I’ve just invited Miss Morrow to dinner to-night and I need another man. Will you come?”</p>
			<p>“Your requests are high honors, which only an ungrate would refuse. But I am now already in your debt. More is going to embarrass me.”</p>
			<p>“Never mind that. I’ll expect you at seven thirty⁠—my bungalow on the Kirk Building.”</p>
			<p>“Splendid,” said Sir Frederic. “We’ll have another talk then, Sergeant. My requests are not precisely honors, but I may yet persuade you.”</p>
			<p>“Chinese funny people,” remarked Chan. “They say no, no is what they mean. They say yes, and they are glued to same. With regard to dinner, I say yes, greatly pleased.”</p>
			<p>“Good,” said Barry Kirk.</p>
			<p>“Where’s that reporter?” Sir Frederic asked.</p>
			<p>“He hurried away,” Kirk explained. “Anxious to get to his story, I imagine.”</p>
			<p>“What story?” asked the Englishman blankly.</p>
			<p>“Why⁠—the story of our luncheon. Your meeting with Sergeant Chan.”</p>
			<p>A startled expression crossed the detective’s face. “Good lord⁠—you don’t mean he’s going to put that into print?”</p>
			<p>“Why naturally. I supposed you knew⁠—”</p>
			<p>“I’m afraid I’m woefully ignorant of American customs. I thought that was merely a social function. I didn’t dream⁠—”</p>
			<p>“You mean you don’t want him to print it?” asked Barry Kirk, surprised.</p>
			<p>Sir Frederic turned quickly to Charlie. “Good-by, Sergeant. This has been a real pleasure. I shall see you to-night⁠—”</p>
			<p>He hastily shook hands with Chan, and dragged the dazed Barry Kirk to the street. There he motioned for a taxi. “What paper was that young scoundrel representing?” he inquired.</p>
			<p>“The <i class="calibre3">Globe</i>,” Kirk told him.</p>
			<p>“The <i class="calibre3">Globe</i> office⁠—and quickly, please,” Sir Frederic ordered.</p>
			<p>The two got in, and for a moment rode in silence.</p>
			<p>“You are curious, perhaps,” said Sir Frederic at last.</p>
			<p>“I hope you won’t think it’s unnatural of me,” smiled Kirk.</p>
			<p>“I know I can rely on your discretion, my boy. I told only a small part of the story of Eve Durand at luncheon, but even that must not reach print just yet. Not here⁠—not now⁠—”</p>
			<p>“Great Scott. Do you mean⁠—”</p>
			<p>“I mean I am near the end of a long trail. Eve Durand was not murdered in India. She ran away. I know why she ran away. I even suspect the peculiar method of her going. More than that⁠—”</p>
			<p>“Yes?” cried Kirk eagerly.</p>
			<p>“More than that I can not tell you at present.” The journey was continued in silence, and presently they drew up before the office of the <i class="calibre3">Globe</i>.</p>
			<p>In the city editor’s cubby-hole, Bill Rankin was talking exultantly to his chief. “It’s going to be a corking good feature⁠—” he was saying, when he felt a grip of steel on his arm. Turning, he looked into the face of Sir Frederic Bruce. “Why⁠—why⁠—hello,” he stammered.</p>
			<p>“There has been a slight mistake,” said the detective.</p>
			<p>“Let me explain,” suggested Barry Kirk. He shook hands with the editor and introduced Sir Frederic, who merely nodded, not relaxing his grip on the reporter’s paralyzed arm. “Rankin, this is unfortunate,” Kirk continued, “but it can’t be helped. Sir Frederic is unfamiliar with the ways of the American press, and he did not understand that you were gathering a story at lunch. He thought it a purely social affair. So we have come to ask that you print nothing of the conversation you heard this noon.”</p>
			<p>Rankin’s face fell. “Not print it? Oh⁠—I say⁠—”</p>
			<p>“We appeal to you both,” added Kirk to the editor.</p>
			<p>“My answer must depend on your reason for making the request,” said that gentleman.</p>
			<p>“My reason would be respected in England,” Sir Frederic told him. “Here, I don’t know your custom. But I may tell you that if you print any of that conversation, you will seriously impede the course of justice.”</p>
			<p>The editor bowed. “Very well. We shall print nothing without your permission, Sir Frederic,” he said.</p>
			<p>“Thank you,” replied the detective, releasing Rankin’s arm. “That concludes our business here, I fancy.” And wheeling, he went out. Having added his own thanks, Kirk followed.</p>
			<p>“Well, of all the rotten luck,” cried Rankin, sinking into a chair.</p>
			<p>Sir Frederic strode on across the city room. A cat may look at a king, and Egbert stood staring with interest at the former head of the C. I. D. Just in front of the door, the Englishman paused. It was either that or a collision with Egbert, moving slowly like a dark shadow across his path.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
